docs: add getting started dev documention (#353)
Kajabi/sage: libs/core/src/stories/getting-started.docs.mdx

import { Meta, Story } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="Resources/Get Started"/>

# Getting Started

Pine is a library of Web Components crafted by the Design System Services team at Kajabi. It provides a robust foundation for building cohesive and accessible user interfaces. Designed with scalability and performance in mind, Pine enables developers and designers to collaborate seamlessly on consistent UI experiences.

## Repository

> The source code can be found in the [Github Repo](https://github.com/Kajabi/pine).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code can be found in the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Kajabi/pine).
```

## Design Files

> The component designs can be found in the [Figma Project](https://www.figma.com/design/CC1YmaGKHnsvB28yLY9mEH/%E2%9D%96-Mercury-components?m=auto&node-id=0-1&t=xybx2d1s26U4p0Jd-1).

Reviewer: This file is an internal Figma file. Should we be exposing this, since it won't work for the public?

Author: Good call. Will remove.

## Initial Setup

Follow these steps to set up the repository locally:

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone git@github.com:Kajabi/pine.git
```

2. Move to the repository:
```bash
cd pine
```

3. Install the required dependencies:
```bash
brew install nss  # Required if using Firefox
mkcert -install   # Add mkcert to trusted CAs

> npm run setup     # Use the correct Node.js version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm run setup     # Use the correct Node.js version, found here [../path-to-file-with-version]
```

```

4. Generate a local SSL certificate:
```bash
cd libs/core
mkcert -cert-file pineLocalDev.pem -key-file pineLocalDev-key.pem localhost 7300
```

5. Start the development server:
```bash

> cd ../../ # Return back to the root directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cd ../../ # Return to the root directory
```

npm start
```

> > Note: If starting the development server process hangs, restart it.

Reviewer: Could we move this into a little FAQ or Troubleshooting section at the end of the doc?

> > Note: If starting the development server process hangs, restart it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If starting the development server process hangs, restart it.
```

> ## Generating Components

Reviewer: Would it be helpful to explain what "Generating" means? From the looks of the instructions, this means we are using this step to create a brand-new component.

Author: I am unsure what you mean here, we are using it to create new components.

Reviewer: It wasn't clear to me that this section was for creating new components to contribute to the Pine design system.
I'd suggest something like this:
```suggestion
## Generating Components
If you want to contribute to Pine by creating a new component, use the `stencil.generate` command. This command will automatically create all the needed files and folders for your component, setting up its name, styles, and tests in the correct location.
```

Author: Sounds good to me. Will add.

1. Move to the core folder:
```bash
cd libs/core
```

> 2. Generate component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Generate component:
```

```bash
npm run stencil.generate pds-[component-name]
```

3. Choose `*.scss` format when prompted.

4. Confirm all folders and files are aligned with other preexisting components.

## Project Setup

> The project is divided into two folders `libs/core` and `libs/react`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is divided into two folders, `libs/core` and `libs/react`.
```

### core
The `core` folder houses all web component files. This is where we build new components in StencilJS.

> ### react

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### React
```

Author: this is referring to the folder name which is lowercase

The `react` folder houses all exported react components.

## Project Commands
The project has multiple `package.json` files for each folder (core and react) as well as a top level `package.json`. Using `nx ...` commands, we can run commands from each `package.json`.

### Commonly used Nx commands:

- Run prettier to tidy up files: `npx nx prettier @pine-ds/core`

- Start up in a local server: `npx nx start @pine-ds/core`

- Run all tests and watch for changes: `npx nx test.watch @pine-ds/core`

> > **Note:** commands be also ran as such `npx nx [package]:task` e.g `npx nx run @pine-ds/core:prettier`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** commands can also be run as follows `npx nx [package]:task` e.g `npx nx run @pine-ds/core:prettier`
```

> **Note:** VSCode developers may prefer to use the [Nx Console extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=nrwl.angular-console) for running commands.

## Reporting Issues

> Please refer to the [get support](?path=/docs/resources-get-support--docs) page for more information on how to report issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to the [Get Support](?path=/docs/resources-get-support--docs) page for more information on how to report issues.
```
